We exchange lives for lives.
In exchange for your peace
Let you read
Send you to the company
But in return you are so ungrateful.
Since you adopted me.
That's not all you should do.
What you said is very good.
Adopt me, send me to school.
Is it not because you want me to be your captain?
Remember your kindness.
Then let you enjoy the wealth?
Van Hieu
Aren't you grateful for what you've done?
Are you a heart of stone?
Is affection useful in this world? Is it possible to solve the problem of food and clothing?
If you're really good to me
You should not let me know the injustice and disparity in this world.
How do you want me to thank you?
Have you spent your whole life in pain?
You broke into the house.
Forgive me.
No, just to shame me in front of everyone.
Isn t it because you won t let me be your husband?
You want money, right?
Say it if you want money.
I can give it to you.
Is 100 taels enough?
Is 500 taels enough?
1,000 taels is enough.
1,000 taels probably never seen in my whole life.
You can use these checks to buy a fake death wish.
1,000 lang
That's a lot of money.
Haha ha, the cheap woman in the countryside did not have much knowledge.
Even a thousand dollars will make you lose your temper.
Van Hieu, are you insulting me with money or are you using money to humiliate yourself?
What do you think I did for you?
Is it all because of these external things?
Your precious money.
In my eyes like dirt
Your noble official.
In my eyes is a colony of ants.
Little Girl
Dare to be rude in front of the general.
You dare to insult the things that do not know life and death of our Su.
What is Li Van Hieu doing standing there?
Quickly clarify your relationship with this smelly woman.
Get her out of here now.
If not
Want to come to my door.
Don't think.
I don't use Ly Huynh.
To do this step today.
I'm going to cut my hair with you today.